Walt Disney Pictures presents bolts
supercharge sneak peek
with your host Miley Cyrus hey it's me
Miley and because you've been staying
all night long I've got a real treat for
you know not a dog biscuit that would be
gross
it's our supercharged sneak peak at both
there it is this will be just like the
time you infiltrated cow it's not gonna
be exactly like that Rhino we're gonna
have to do things a little differently
oh good night aster good night Lloyd
Lloyd wait spoon you jump out and scare
man I'm gonna pepper-spray again I swear
it's like I work with toddlers
threat nullified I feel alive there's a
guard I'll take care of him we need to
get him away from that door
thanks for watching I gotta go put bolt
charges its way in the theaters soon